{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Light;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red117\green117\blue117;\red38\green38\blue38;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Dousing and salesforce \
\
\
Docusign\
Username: brian.engle@r-cisc.org\
Password: 7staranise$?\
\
\
Instructions: \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://developer.force.com/cookbook/recipe/accessing-docusign-api-from-salesforcecom-to-send-contracts-for-esignatures"}}{\fldrslt http://developer.force.com/cookbook/recipe/accessing-docusign-api-from-salesforcecom-to-send-contracts-for-esignatures}}\
\
Forum support:\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://community.docusign.com/t5/Misc-Dev-Archive-READ-ONLY/Automating-Envelope-Creation-using-Apex-DocuSign-SF-API/td-p/2661"}}{\fldrslt https://community.docusign.com/t5/Misc-Dev-Archive-READ-ONLY/Automating-Envelope-Creation-using-Apex-DocuSign-SF-API/td-p/2661}}\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa200\qc

\f1\fs32 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The light in me bows to and acknowledges the light inside of you. Your vision is unique. Your website will differentiate you from others. As a designer, I strive to make that happen. Let\'92s work together to make a website that you and your customers will love!\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl560\sa200

\f0\b\fs34 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 ABOUT MY SKILL SET.\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480

\b0\fs26 \cf3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa200

\f1\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Style is everything. All of my websites are fully customized, responsive, and Bootstrap based. While I have experience with Wordpress and Squarespace, custom-built sites that showcase information about you and your company are my specialty.\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
}